in this video i will show you how to
boost fps and fix fps drops in fortnite
chapter 3. i am going to show you how to
drastically boost fps and fortnite using
different optimizations tweaks and
settings to get the maximum performance
out of your computer these will make
sure that you are getting the best fps
and as low latency or input delay as
possible on your machine while gaming
also these methods work for any other
game that you might play as well so feel
free to use them even if you don't play
fortnite in particular but before that
if you want to support my work don't
forget to leave a like on this video it
will only take you guys a second and it
would help me out so so much and use
code dragnetic for further support on
the channel and without any further ado
let's get straight into today's video
the very first thing that we are going
to be doing is disabling the full screen
optimizations on our game launcher in
order to do that just go to your start
menu and search for this pc go ahead and
open it up then go into the driver you
have installed your fortnite for me it's
on my ssd and it's on the c drive
program files then fortnite fortnite
game binaries win 64. and once we are
inside of here we just need to scroll
down until we can find these four
launcher files what you need to do is
right click on each one of them go into
properties then go into the
compatibility tab then make sure that
disable full screen optimizations is
checked click on change high dpi
settings overhead high dpi scaling
behavior and scaling performed by set
this to application hit ok apply ok and
i repeat the same process for all three
of these as well
alright so now that we have done that we
need to close out of this and that's it
that's how you can go ahead and disable
full screen optimization so that your
game runs in exclusive full screen
giving you more fps as well as lower
input delay so up next you need to go
ahead and download the fourth night
optimization pack 2022 right now take
because it contains a lot of different
peaks and optimizations that we're going
to be using in this video you can
download it from my website the link can
be found in the description down below
by clicking on this thumbnail or you can
go ahead and join my discord server to
download it without viewing any ads so
once you have downloaded the pack just
go ahead and extract it using 7-zip
winrar or whatever you want and once the
pack is extracted just go ahead and open
it up open up this folder and we're
going to start off by batch tweaks
inside of here the first one is the bcd
edit tweaks which are basically gonna
help you with the input delete so right
click run it as administrator let it do
its work
so once that is done just go ahead and
right click on the clean temporary files
run it as administrator as well and then
press any key to continue and this is
going to go ahead and delete all of the
temporary files from the temp folders
once it has successfully deleted this
file just go ahead and press any key to
continue and this will not only free up
some space on your pc but also help you
with the overall performance of your
computer and make it more snappier so
once you are done with both of these
just go back into the pack open up the
registry tweaks and first of all go into
hibernate in windows now inside of here
go ahead and apply the disable hibernate
dot reg hit yes hit ok and this is going
to go ahead and disable the hibernation
option then go back into the pack go
into the user account control enable or
disable go ahead and use the disabled
user account control dot reg hit yes hit
ok and now you will need to restart your
pc in order for these reds to take
effect so go ahead and do that and then
follow along with me or you can even
restart your pc after you are done
applying all of these changes so go back
into the pack once more double click on
the exclusive full screen dot reg hit
yes hit ok this is going to make sure
that your game is running in the
exclusive full screen which i even
explained earlier will give you a lot
more fps and a lot lower input delay
then go ahead and use the fourth night
normal priority data edge yes okay and
this is going to set the fortnite to
normal priority now i know a lot of
people play fortnite on high priority
which in theory seems like to be the
better option however normal priority
has shown to give you guys more fps and
just overall improve the feel of the
game the reason for that is because
other tasks also complete simultaneously
so that the cpu is not only focusing on
fortnite but other processes as well
completing them as soon as possible so
that it can then focus on the game then
there is the thread priorities.red just
go ahead and double click on that hit
yes hit ok and now we are done with the
registry optimizations go back into the
pack open up the magnetic power plan
first of all go ahead and double click
on the import powerplant. hit yes hit
okay now you guys should see this little
battery icon besides the
decoastpowerplan.pow file but if you
don't just go ahead and hit refresh and
it should be there now so just go ahead
and double click on it to import it and
i have already imported it so i'm gonna
go ahead and open up power options then
go ahead and select the request power
plan and that's it now you can close out
of this and now you have a much more
optimized and much much better power
plan running on your os providing you
high performance then go back into the
pack open up the windows settings and
we're gonna go ahead and open up device
manager first of all so once this opens
up what we need to do is go into the
network adapter expand it down right
click on your network driver properties
go into power management and just make
sure that this is all unchecked because
we don't want any power saving on our
network instead we want the best
performance also if you guys want to
know how you can get zero paying by
optimizing your network then check out
this video and the link can be found in
the description of this video as well so
go ahead and hit ok then what we're
gonna do is go ahead and do view devices
by connection and then go into your usb
drivers expand them down usb root hub
properties power management and once
again just make sure that these are
unchecked hit okay do the same for the
other one properties power management
and just make sure that these are
unchecked also if you guys want even
more fps and reduce the input delay by
disabling some of the devices inside of
here then i will leave a link in the
description of this video which tells
you which devices you should disable in
order to get better performance so make
sure to check that out however inside of
this video we are done with the device
manager so close out of this open up the
keyboard settings and just make sure
that the repeat delay and repeat rate
are both set to the right hand side hit
apply hit okay open up the mouse
settings go into pointer options scroll
this all the way to the left then using
the arrow keys on your keyboard slide it
towards the right five times so that
would be one two three four and five and
that's it also if enhanced pointer
precision is checked just make sure to
uncheck this hit apply hit ok and now
you have a better optimized mouse as
well these steps are going to
tremendously help you with mouse and
keyboard input delay then open up the
sound options go into communications and
make sure that this is set to do nothing
go into playback go into the settings of
your default speaker go into properties
then go into the special sound make sure
that this is turned off then go into the
advanced section just go ahead and
uncheck this and set this to the cd
quality hit apply hit ok hit ok once
again and ok once again now you can
close out of this pack and you can go
ahead and even delete it if you want
because you no longer require it and
yeah that's basically it i will also
link other useful guides that will
actually help you with gaining more fps
and lowering the input delay in the
description of this video so make sure
to check those out also if you want to
gain even more fps and reduce the input
delay then click on this video right
here or if you want zero ping then go
ahead and click on this video right here